# CS320-SoftwareTestAutomation

How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
How do I approach designing software?

To ensure code, program or software is functional and secure you must test. This can be with various methods including dynamic, functional, non-functional, alpha and beta testing. There are various methods, white box, unit, acceptance, usability, black box, accessibility, performance, regression, smoke, the list goes on and on. Your testing methods can be determined by requirements and your SDLC. 

To interpret the user needs you will need to have requirements. Ask yourself how, why, what, when and where a project or application might fail. If it is failing, you should look back to what the SDLC is. Is it waterfall: requirement -> functional spec -> tech spec -> program spec -> coding -> test? Where in that did it break? If in an agile environment, can you complete regression cycles more regularly to insure functionality of all features. The base is always requirements, what is being asked and then what could break. We are not product owners, nobody asked for an iPhone, there was no "user reqs" for the first one, but we as testers need to think like PO's in the sense of outside the box. How can I totally break this thing. Like a small child trying to knock down someone’s castle. 

Approaching design is always tricky. Things need to be asked. What is the problem I am attempting to solve. All software solves a problem. Think about it. Netflix.com solves the problem of waiting for a movie to arrive in the mail or having to go to the store/movie theater. Microsoft Word solves the problem of using a typewriter. All projects in software are solving a problem in one way or another whether it be entertainment, utility, security, etc. When we think about design, we think about what is the problem, what are the requirements to fix the problem. Then we think about how do we build the requirements (what hardware, what network, what’s the operating system, the database, the languages used, the frameworks, the UI, etc.) once this is done before a line of code is ever written we can ask ourselves how can I test this. Are there things that will break before anything is ever run? Once this is answered coding can start, then we can start testing. Now again water fall vs agile/scrum. I think scrum is a better framework to use personally because you can catch defects and bugs much quicker. But again when we design we have to keep an eye on project scope. What is it we are building and why, what is the architecture, where can it break and when does it break.
